docs: add description about multi-host system (#333)
tier4/caret_doc: docs/recording/recording.md

      You may find that size of recorded data is strangely smaller than expected after updating LTTng to 2.13 if you apply CARET to a large application like [Autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware) which has hundreds of nodes. You have to suspect that maximum number of file descriptors is not enough in the case. You can check the number with `ulimit -n` command. The default maximum number is 1024, but it is not enough for the large application. You can avoid this problem by enlarging the maximum number with executing the command; `ulimit -n 65536`.
<prettier-ignore-end>

<prettier-ignore-start>
!!!info

>       To trace multi-host system, you need to follow these steps on all hosts.

Reviewer: I think we do not always need to follow these steps on all hosts.

```suggestion
      To trace multi-host system, you need to follow these steps on hosts which contain nodes you want to trace.
```
